Table of ContentsWho We AreHow This Policy AppliesWhat We Collect and ReceiveHow We Use This InformationEuropean Union UsersHow This Information Is SharedoInformation that’s shared publiclyoInformation that isn’t shared publiclyoInformation that’s shared with trusted third-party servicesoInformation that’s shared with creators and collaboratorsoInformation that’s shared to protect Octocrowd and comply with the lawoLinks to other websites and servicesRetentionData TransfersYour RightsEmail and Mobile NotificationsSecurityData Protection OfficerData Protection AuthorityChildrenWho We AreOctocrowd Limited and its affiliates, agents, representatives, consultants, employees, officers, and directors — collectively, “Octocrowd,” “we,” or “us”) provides services that help people bring positive impact projects to life. Our mainservice is a funding platform for positive impact organisations. We are a Limited company based in Edinburgh, Scotland.How This Policy AppliesThis Policy describes the information we collect from you, how we use that information and our legal basis for doing so. It also covers whether and how that information may be shared and your rights and choices regarding the informationyou provide to us. If you see a capitalized word, it’s defined in our Terms of Use. We use cookies and similar technologies, as described in our Cookie Policy.By using the Services offered by Octocrowd, you’re acknowledging you have agreed to our Terms of Use and that you have read and understood this Privacy Policy and our Cookie Policy.What We Collect and ReceiveIn order for you to create an account on Octocrowd and use our Services, we need to collect and process certain information. Depending on your use of the Services, that may include:
Information you provide by completing forms on Octocrowd — your name, email and postal addresses, telephone number, country of residence, login, and password details. We may ask for this information if you registeras a user of the Services, subscribe to our newsletters, upload or submit content through Octocrowd, or if you contact us;Information you provide for identity verification purposes when launching a campaign, including your legal name, business or charity name and company registration number or charity number for business entities, and date of birth. In some cases, our payment processor will request that you provide a secure upload of an identity document (such as your passport, drivers license or other government-issued ID) to Octocrowd;Details of any requests or transactions you make through the Services. Octocrowd partners with other companies (such as Stripe) for payment processing, and the payment information you submit is collected and usedby them in accordance with their privacy policies. Octocrowd doesn’t storeyour payment information apart from the last four digits of your credit cardor bank account (as applicable), expiration date, and country, which we require for tax, government regulatory, and security purposes;Information about your activity on and interaction with Octocrowd, including use of our mobile apps (such as your IP address, the type of device or browser you use, and your actions on the Site);Information about the ways people visit and interact with our Site, in the form of traffic analytics. You can opt out of being included in Google Analytics here. For more information about our use of data analytics to protect and improve our Services, see our Cookie Policy;Communications you send to us (for example, when you ask for support, send us questions or comments, or report a problem);Information that you submit on or to Octocrowd in the form of comments, contributions to discussions, or messages to other users; andThe email address associated with your Facebook account, if you choose to sign up using your Facebook credentials. Octocrowd will also request permission to access your name, profile picture, and friend list (these permissions are governed by Facebook’s privacy policies and can be managed through your Facebook privacy settings). We never post anything to your Facebook, Twitter, or other third-party accounts without your permission.
You may decline to provide us with your information. However, this will limit your ability to register for an account or use our Services. You may donate to a campaign as a guest by providing only an email address. However, to adjust yourdonation, save payment details for future donations, make campaign comments and take most other actions on our Site, you will need to finish creating an account. You may review, change or remove your information through your account settings.How We Use This InformationWe use the information we collect for the following purposes:To keep your account secure and protect our Services (including to verify the identities of creators and prevent fraud and abuse);To enable us to provide you with our Services, and to improve and promoteour Services;To create and administer your account, contact you, and customize your experience on Octocrowd (for example, to show you campaigns that we think may interest you based on your previous use); andTo track and analyse use of the Services so that we can improve how Octocrowd is performing and provide users with the best experience possible.European Union UsersData protection law in Europe requires a “lawful basis” for collecting and retaining personal information from citizens or residents of the European Economic Area. Our lawful bases include:Performing the contract we have with you: In certain circumstances, we need your personal data to comply with our contractual obligation to deliver the Services, enable businesses to establish and display their campaigns, and enable backers to find and make donations to them.Legal compliance: Sometimes the law says we need to collect and use your data. For example, tax laws require us to retain records of donations and payments made through our Services.Legitimate interests: This is a technical term in data protection law which essentially means we have a good and fair reason to use your data and wedo so in ways which do not hurt your interests and rights. We sometimes require your data to pursue our legitimate interests in a way that might reasonably be expected as part of running our business and that does not materially impact your rights, freedom or interests. 
For example, we use identity, device, and location information to prevent fraud and abuse and to keep the Services secure. We may also send you promotional communications about our Services, subject to your right to control whether we do so. We analyse how users interact with our Site so we can understand better what elements of the design are working well and which are not working so well. This allows us to improve and develop the quality of the online experience we offer allour users. How This Information Is SharedInformation that’s shared publiclyWhen you create an account, we create a basic profile page for you on Octocrowd, containing your username, the date the account was created, and a list of campaigns you have backed or launched. By default, your profile is private and you can choose to make it public in your account settings. Your username appears with the comments you post and messages you send on Octocrowd and,if your profile is set to public, people can click your username to view it. If you make your profile public, others will be able to see the following things:The account username you select, and the date the account was created;Any information you choose to add to your profile (like a picture, bio, or your location);Campaigns you’ve backed (but not donation amounts or rewards received);Campaigns you’ve created;Comments you’ve posted on Octocrowd; andIf you have “Liked” a campaign update.You score if you participated in a prized competitionIf you would like to have a public profile, but don’t want others to see your name or profile image on a project’s Community tab, you may choose an account image or name that is not identifiable (e.g., DogLuvr88). You can modify or delete certain information associated with your account (such as your username,profile image, biography and location) from your account settings, and you can change your privacy settings if you want to make your profile private or adjust the default settings.Creators are also asked to verify their identities before launching a campaign. Once this has been done, the creator’s Verified Name will be publicly displayed on their account profile and on any campaigns they launch.Information that isn’t shared publiclyThe following data will not be publicly displayed or revealed to other users:Any payment information you provide;
Your password details;Your IP address;Your phone number;Your date of birth and other identity verification documentation (for creators);Private profile information, in accordance with your preferences; andCommunications you send to us (for example, when you ask for support, send us questions or comments, or report a problem).Information that’s shared with trusted third-party servicesWe may share your information with certain trusted third-party services to help us provide, improve, promote, or protect Octocrowd’s Services (like when we partner with payment processors, or use services that help us manage our ads on other sites). When we share data with third-party services that support our delivery of the Octocrowd Services, we require that they use your information only for the purposes we’ve authorized, and that they protect your personal information at least to the same standards we do. We may also share informationthat’s aggregated and anonymized in a way that it doesn’t directly identify you.Information that’s shared with campaign creatorsWhen you back a campaign, the campaign’s creator will know your username and the amount you have donated, and the score you achieved if you choose to compete in a competition. Creators never receive backers’ credit card details or other payment information.If a campaign you have backed is successfully funded, the creator will receive the email address associated with your Octocrowd account. They may also send you a survey requesting information needed to provide your reward. (For instance, they may need your mailing address, or an account where funds can besafely transferred.) Any information you provide in such surveys will be received by the creator.Creators are required to keep backer information confidential, except as strictly necessary to communicate with backers directly and fulfill rewards. Creators should not ask for personal information that isn’t necessary to provide your reward, and should never request sensitive personal information such as your National Security number or payment information. Contact us at support@octocrowd.com if you receive a request for information that seems inappropriate or excessive.Collaborators are third parties that creators can appoint to help manage their campaigns. These collaborators may be able to access the information available to creators (including backers’ names, email addresses, pledge amounts, competition results, messages, and survey responses), and are required to treat backers’ personal information with the same care and respect as creators are.Creators and their collaborators may also receive routine traffic analytics about their project pages.
Information that’s shared to protect Octocrowd and comply with the lawWe do reserve the right to disclose personal information when we believe that doing so is reasonably necessary to comply with the law or law enforcement, to prevent fraud or abuse, or to protect Octocrowd’s legal rights, property, or the safety of Octocrowd, its employees, users, or others.Links to other websites and servicesOur Site may include links to other websites or services whose privacy practices may differ from Octocrowd’s. When you use a link to an external site or service, the privacy policy and data processing disclosures for that site or service governs.RetentionWe will retain your information as long as your account is active, as necessary to provide you with the Services or as otherwise set forth in this Policy. We will also retain and use this information as necessary for the purposes set out in this Policy and to the extent necessary to comply with our legal obligations, resolve disputes, enforce our agreements and protect Octocrowd’s legal rights.We also collect and maintain aggregated, anonymized or pseudonymized information which we may retain indefinitely to protect the safety and security ofour Site, improve our Services or comply with legal obligations.Data TransfersBecause Octocrowd is a UK-based company, your information will be collected and processed in the United Kingdom. The United Kingdom has its own laws governing data protection and government access to information. The rules that protect your personal information under United Kingdom law may be different than in your home country. If you choose to use the Services, you need to agree to our Terms of Use, which set out the contract between Octocrowd and its users.Your RightsUsers residing in certain countries, including the EU, are afforded certain rights regarding their personal information. Except where an exception or exemption applies, these rights include the ability to access, correct, and request deletion ofyour personal information. While these rights are not applicable globally, all Octocrowd users can manage their personal information, as further described below, in their account settings.You can request a downloadable copy of your personal data from Octocrowd fromyour account settings page. To modify or delete the personal information you’ve provided to us, please log in and update your profile. You may also delete your account from your account settings page. We may retain certain information as required by law or as necessary for our legitimate business purposes.
Email and Mobile NotificationsWe want to communicate with you only if you want to hear from us. We try to keep emails to a minimum and give you the ability to opt in to any marketing communications we send.We will send you email relating to your transactions on Octocrowd. You may also elect to receive certain marketing email communications, in accordance with your preferences, and from which you may opt out at any time by adjusting your notification settings. If you download the Octocrowd app, you can manage the notifications you receive on your mobile device in your profile settings.We’ll also send you service-related announcements when it’s necessary to do so.SecurityWe take security seriously, and the security of your personal data is important to us. We follow industry-standard practices to protect the data we collect and maintain, including using Transport Layer Security (TLS) to encrypt information as it travels over the internet. No method of transmission over the internet or electronic storage is completely secure, so Octocrowd cannot guarantee its absolute security. Your account information is protected by a password, which you should choose carefully and keep secure. We encourage all users to enable two-factor authentication in account settings to further protect their account.We have a Security Incident Response Team (SIRT) and protocol in place in the event of a data breach. We encourage the responsible disclosure of vulnerabilities of our Services by emailing security@octocrowd.com, and we will invite valid disclosures to our bug bounty program.Data Protection OfficerTo contact our Data Protection Officer, please email dpo@octocrowd.com.You can contact us in writing at:Octocrowd Limited4/2 New Lairdship YardsEdinburghEH11 3UYUnited KingdomData Protection AuthoritySubject to applicable law, if you are a citizen or resident of the European Economic Area, you also have the right to (i) object to Octocrowd’s use of your personal information and (ii) lodge a complaint with your local data protection 
authority or the United Kingdom Information Commissioner’s Office, which is Octocrowd’s lead supervisory authority in the European Union.United Kingdom Information Commissioner’s OfficeWycliffe House, Water Lane, Wilmslow, CheshireSK9 5AF, United KingdomTelephone: +0303 123 1113Fax: 01625 524510Web: https://ico.org.uk/global/contact-us/ChildrenPeople under 18 (or the legal age in your jurisdiction) are not permitted to use Octocrowd on their own. Octocrowd does not knowingly collect any personal information from children under the age of 13 and children under 13 are not permitted to register for an account or use our Services.If you believe that a child has provided us with personal information, please contact us at support@octocrowd.com. If we become aware that a child under age 13 has provided us with personally identifiable information, we’ll delete it.
